Commands Used

1. git clone https://github.com/Midhu7/SOPTask0.git
   To clone the forked repo in my account to local system
   
2. git checkout -b midhuram_manoj
   To create and shift to branch midhuram_manoj

3. touch log.txt
   To create a new file log.txt and then write all commands used

4. git add .
   git commit -m "messaage"
   To commit the changes made

5. git checkout -b answer-oneword
   To create new branch 
   Write one word answer in log.txt

6. git add .
   git commit -m "messaage"
   To commit the changes made

7. git checkout midhuram_manoj
   To shift to branch midhuram_manoj

8. git checkout -b answer-explanation        
   To create new branch 
   Write explanation in log.txt

9. git add .
   git commit -m "messaage"
   To commit the changes made

10.git checkout midhuram_manoj
   To shift to branch midhuram_manoj

11.git merge answer-oneword
   To merge branch to midhuram_manoj

12.git merge answer-explanation
   To merge branch to midhuram_manoj   
  
13.Resolve conflicts and commit

14.mv log.txt midhuram_manoj.txt
   To rename file log.txt

15.git add .
   git commit -m "messaage"
   To commit the changes made

16.git pull origin master
   To pull updates from remote file

17.git add .
   git commit -m "added file midhuram_manoj"
   To add and coommit all changes made

18.git push origin midhuram_manoj 
   To add the new branch to the forked repo

19.Go back to original repository and create pull request

 
EGG


Basically, many, many moons ago there was a chicken-like bird. It was genetically close to a chicken but wasn't a full-blown chicken yet. The video calls it a proto-chicken. So proto-hen laid an egg, and proto-rooster fertilized it. But when the genes from ma and pa almost-chicken fused, they combined in a new way, creating a mutation that accidentally made the baby different from its parents. Although it would take millennia for the difference to be noticed, that egg was different enough to become the official progenitor of a new species, now known as... the chicken! So in a nutshell (or an eggshell, if you like), two birds that weren't really chickens created a chicken egg, and hence, we have an answer: The egg came first, and then it hatched a chicken.

